Day 1: Monday 1st April

It was an unusually bright and sunny afternoon for April. I'd just left school, and decided on a whim to visit the local park, as it was on the route home anyways. As I was walking through, I spotted from the distance a small figure sitting alone on the bench. It looked like a child. Curious, I approached it, and realised it was indeed a little girl, looking no older than 13 or so.

Alexia: "Excuse me?"

The child looked up, a startled expression on her face. I felt slightly guilty.

Alexia: "Ah, sorry, didn't mean to startle you."

She shook her head. I continued.

Alexia: "Anyways, are you okay? Sitting here all alone is dangerous, you know?"

Yeah, this area can be rather dangerous at times, especially with the kids my age and older hanging around the park after school.

The girl just stared at me, a mix of curiosity and fear in her eyes. I felt sort of bad for her, for some reason...

Alexia: "Are you lost? I could help, if you'd like."

The girl pondered for a moment, before nodding slowly. I found myself wondering, maybe she's non-verbal, or just too scared of me, being a stranger and all.

Alexia: "What's your name, little girl?"

I queried. I waited patiently for her reply. Finally, she responded in a small whispery voice.

Ayana: "...Ayana..."

Alexia: "Okay, Ayana. That's a very pretty name."

She smiled slightly.

Ayana: "Th-Thank you..."

Alexia: "You're welcome."

I smiled back, warmly.

Alexia: "Anyways, Ayana, how old are you?"

She took her time with her response once again, not that I minded. I wasn't in a huge hurry or anything.

Ayana: "Uhm, 13."

Alexia: "Oh..."

Just as I thought, then.

Alexia: "Are your parents nearby, Ayana?"

She shook her head.

Alexia: "Do you know if you live close by?"

She paused for a moment before shaking her head again. I sighed. This isn't good...

I'm not sure what to do... I can't just leave her here, can I?

Alexia: "Right, well, let me take you to the police station. Maybe your parents reported you as missing."

The way she looked at me in that moment... Her expression full of fear and panic and desperation.

Ayana: "Please don't!..."

She spoke a lot louder, not quite shouting but it still startled me.

Alexia: "Sorry."

She sat back down, sighing.

Ayana: "I-I'm... fine..."

Her voice returned to a whisper, and she avoided eye contact. I felt really bad.

Alexia: "There must be something I can do to help..."

She shaked her head again. I feel terrible, but I must move on, unfortunately.

Alexia: "Well, stay safe, okay?"

Ayana: "Mhm..."

I turned to leave, feeling disappointed in myself.

Ayana: "...Thank you..."

She muttered, just loud enough for me to hear. I turned back.

Alexia: "You're welcome."

I walked away, back through the park. However, I couldn't stop thinking about Ayana... Damn it...

Just then, it started chucking it down with rain.

Alexia: "Shit!"

I didn't have a coat or anything, as I had no idea it was going to rain.

I took off running, then stopped, turning back.

Alexia: "Ayana..."

I had a choice. I could either go back and help her out of the rain, or I could leave her, hoping for the best.
---
MENU: HELP AYANA OR NOT

IF PLAYER CHOOSES TO HELP AYANA:
Carry on as normal.

IF PLAYER CHOOSES NOT TO HELP AYANA:
I sigh. I can't turn back now... I just hope she'll be okay.

I continue running home, and the panic makes me forget all about her.

END GAME.
---
I run in the opposite direction to home, towards where Ayana was sitting before, hoping she'd still be there.

When I arrived, luckily, she was still there, curled up on the bench, clearly shivering. I approached her carefully.

Alexia: "Hey, Ayana..."

She looked up in surprise.

Ayana: "You came back?!"

She asked, disbelief in her voice.

Alexia: "Yeah... I didn't want to leave you out in the rain."

Ayana: "W-What... What do you plan to do...?"

She asked, her expression shifting to one of curiosity, as she uncurled herself and sat straight.

Alexia: "Well... I suppose I could take you home..."

What am I saying?! Isn't that like, kidnapping??

Alexia: "...With your consent, of course."

Good. That makes it sound slightly better.

She stared at me intensely for a long few seconds. I felt like the world stopped around me. Her expression was mixed, of relief and wariness.

Finally, she responded.

Ayana: "O-Okay..."

Alexia: "What?!"

I thought I'd misheard her. I must have...

Ayana: "I said fine."

She stood up, heading to me.

Ayana: "L-Let's go. I'm c-cold."

Before I could do anything, she grabbed my hand, and we were walking.

Oh well. I'd better stick to what I said. She doesn't deserve to be left alone. No one does... I know...

END SCENE.
---
We arrived at my home, and I ran to get us both a towel.

Ayana: "Th-Thank you..."

Alexia: "You're welcome."

We both headed into the kitchen.

Alexia: "Would you like something to eat?"

Ayana: "Uhm, yes please..."

Alexia: "A cheese sandwich?"

Ayana nods. I prepared two sandwiches, one for me and one for her.

Ayana: "Thanks..."

We sat and ate quietly for a while. The bread was soft to touch and smelled fresh. The cheese was sort of sweet and had a smooth velvety texture to it. Hums of enjoyment came from both of us. We were both hungry, her more than me, but we savoured it the same.

Alexia: "Do you like it?"

Ayana: "U-Uhm... Yeah, I do... It's yummy..."

Alexia: "Good, I'm glad you like it."

We finish the food and I clean the plates, then sit back down. We sit here for a good few minutes, silently, awkwardly.

I decide to try to start a conversation, to get to know her better.

Alexia: "So... What do you like to do, Ayana?"

Ayana: "Sorry, uhm, what do you mean?"

Alexia: "In your spare time, I mean."

Ayana: "Oh..."

She thinks for a moment.

Ayana: "W-Well, uhm, I like to read..."

Alexia: "Oh, so do I! What genre is your favourite?"

Ayana: "Uhm... I-I like... Uhm... Fantasy..."

Alexia: "Fantasy is good, there's a lot you can do under it."

Ayana: "Mhm..."

Alexia: "What's the last book you read?"

Ayana: "Uhm... I haven't really... had chance..."

Alexia: "Aw, that's a shame..."

Ayana: "Mm..."

Things fall silent once again.

After about a minute, I speak once more.

Alexia: "Have you ever heard of "The Chronicles of Myirei"?"

Ayana: "Uhm... No, I haven't..."

Alexia: "It's a great fantasy book series, containing lots of magical and mysterious elements."

Ayana: "Oh?"

Her tone shifts from apprehension to slight intrigue.

Alexia: "Yeah! I have the whole set upstairs, would you like me to get it for you?"

She nods, still avoiding eye contact but seeming more interested in the conversation now.

Alexia: "Alright, I'll be right back."

I leave to grab the books.